h2. "Compress my Mojo - Linux & Mac OS X"

h3. Compresses your webOS-Mojo-Applications and builds packages

*Copyright (c) 2011, R. Kowalski*
*All rights reserved.*


h3. New BSD License:

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:


* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


h2. Installation Notes:

h3. Needed:

* Java (also in your $PATH)
* Ruby
* OS: currently Linux / Mac OS X are supported


* "YUI-Compressor":http://yuilibrary.com/downloads/#yuicompressor 
OR
* "Google Closure Compiler":http://closure-compiler.googlecode.com/files/compiler-latest.zip


h3. Configurate:

* Set your path to "YUI-Compressor":http://yuilibrary.com/downloads/#yuicompressor or "Google Closure Compiler":http://closure-compiler.googlecode.com/files/compiler-latest.zip jar in rb-file or place them in the directory of this project
* Add the directory of (a link to) compress-my-mojo to your $PATH at end of your .bashrc, for example .pre export PATH="$PATH:/your/path/to/compress-my-mojo"

h2. Compress JS (& CSS) and build IPK:

pre. $ compress-my-mojo [-i|v1|g] <PROJECTFOLDER-Name>

Options:
-i install to default device
-v1 package for >= webOS 1.4.x devices (old format)
-g to use google closure compiler (default is YUI-Compressor)

or combine them: -iv1g to package for webOS 1.4.x devices (old format), using Google Closure Compiler and installing them
